"Hngg... Oww.... My hearing aids..."

"Ughhh... Player... What was that for??? Hngg... I knew I should hide that thing somewhere much better."

"W-Wait.. Player?! Like, an actual Player?!? Oh no! Ahhh!! I'm not ready!"

"Wait here a moment please?? I'll get the place light up and ready for you!"

Loading screen . . . 
'Technical Difficulties'
'I am so sorry for this inconvenience' - by Twinkle star

"Ah! Welcome Welcome!!!"

"My greatest apology for sleeping, I should have been more prepared for visitors."

"It just I never expect that it would come true!"

"Ask him what he mean by that"  or  "???"

"Ah, I should explain more."

"Welcome to World of Wishes! (Name by me of course!!)
My name is Twinkle star and as you could tell by the name, this world are made possible by wishes!"

"The more wishes people or other characters here made, the more functions they become. And the reason why I have been waiting 
for you. It because I (yes, the one who grant wishes) made a wish for some guidance."

"You see... There have been some problems going on. And sadly, with my power alone is not enough. I am completely useless and unable
to save this world from something that been going on.."

"So that's why I asked for your help!"

"I am not forcing you to do anything you do not want to, so please! Have a look around! Talk to the critters!"
"Talk to me when you're ready!"

This time, all dialogue will be respond by Twinkle star

Check Stump 
"It's here because BunBun love to sleep in there so much, it's not in the cave with others because he love his own peace and quiet."

Check logs 
"It took a lot of work to build this place, so me and my friends got lots. These are just extra's so we're still thinking on what to do
or create more with the left overs."

Check paints
"Most of them are Oil painting, I picked the best quality to draw my best friends! I sure hope they take time to noticed all my hard works when they see my paintings."

Check window
"Kip and Skinny love the smell of pine woods, so I make sure to plant a bunch of them here! I do agree it made the place smell more rustic and nice."

Check Airhorn
"L-Let's not do that again... I beg you."

Check paintings 
"It a drawing of my friends!! I couldn't fit them all so I might redraw them again!"

Check paintings again
"It a drawing of my friends!!"

Check paintings again.
"It a drawing of my friends!!"

Check paintings again. .
"It a drawing of my friends!!"

Check paintings again. . .
"It a drawing of my friends!!"

"..."

Check paintings again. . .
"It a drawing of my friends!!"

"..."

"............................" fade into static

". . ."

"Please..."

"Please save my friends..."

"I miss them... I miss hanging out with them... I miss talking with them... I miss looking at them..."

"I can't do this alone... I am useless..."

"I beg you... I give you anything... Please..."

"Save... My... Dear... Friends..."

"..."






Everything back to normal
"..."

"It a painting of my dear best friends!! I love them all with my whole heart!"

Check painting again
"It a painting of my dear best friends!!"


Talk to Kip
"bok bok bok"

Talk to Skinny
"Blub blub blub"

*it just say blub.*


Talk to Yin and Yang
"Hello! Welcome to our mini circus tent!" - Yin

"Hey hey! Welcome! It very nice to meet you!" - Yang

"Hope you have a wonderful time here!" - Yin


Dialog that change the scenario

Talk to Yin and Yang again
"Hello again!" - Yin

"Huh, Didn't we talk to you twice before?" - Yang

"Well nonsense! I love talking to our new friends, no matter how much times we have to repeat! hehehe~" - Yin

"Well, I hate repeating things over and over again. So let get to know each others!!" - Yang

"Yeah!! What's your name?" - Yin


Choices
"..."  or  Turn back


If respond "Turn back"

"Ok! We see you later!" - Yin

"Talk to you later!" - Yang


If respond "..."

"No name??? No No No We can't have that now! That's so unacceptable!" - Yin

"Twinkle haven't gave you one yet?? Are you sure you want us to give you a name?" - Yang


Choices
"You can choose a name for me!" or "I'll talk to Twinkle star first then."


If respond "I'll talk to Twinkle star first then."

"Good choice! Twinkle know more names idea's then us both combined!" - Yin

"Heyyyyyy! Don't give less credit to ourselves now Yin, we're the best!" - Yang

"Of course we are the best Yang! Bwahaha!" - Yin


If respond "You can choose a name for me!"

"Y-You really trust us this much?... Now you're going to make me cry." - Yin

"Gosh Yin, we gotta pick a really good name now! Something unique and sounds so cool!" - Yang

"Hmmm... I got an idea, I heard it from our bestie and I just love the name so much!" - Yin

"How about... Curaxu!" - Yin

"That's a very unique name! I heard it mean a Golden God! Look who's more amazing then us both!" - Yang

"Welcome to the world Curaxu!" - Yin



If talk to Twinkle after this encounter.

"Welcome back Player! Did you have fun touring on this spot? Talking to others? Please give me feedback on decorating more on this place! I can added more lamps or plants!"

"Oh right! I almost forgot! Your name!! Do you have a name by chance?"

Respond "Well, I got some news" or "I got a name!"

"Oh? You have a name? How amazing news! What's your name?" 

"..."

"...Interesting..."

"If you don't mind me asking. Where did you acquired that amazing name?"

"It by us!!" - Yin

"Yep!! And we love it!" - Yang

"Oh now nice! ... Say, where did you get that name from?" 

"From Lemoon of course, he kept talking about that name and the golden god." - Yin

"So we think it fitting to call him after that too." - Yang

"Oh hohoho, how nice! But I thought Doctor Appl told you two to not visits him for the time being... You know, he's feeling... Unwell."

"Well, you visited him daily!" - Yin

"Mhm! And besides, we got Doctor Appl nurse approval to see Lemoon too." - Yang

"..."

"That's right! I just can't leave him alone in his room all times! But are you sure naming Player after someone we don't know or someone who's so special from Lemoon is a good idea? I fear for his reaction after all."

"Oh don't worry! What's the harm on having a cool name?" - Yin

"Yep! Even I get jealous of that name." - Yang

"If you say so..." 

"Welcome to the World of Wishes, Curaxu! And before you begin your mission, I got something for you!"

*you acquire an item.*

"With this item, it a very special item of course! You can choose a character for you to play as! Every characters loves it! 
But I should let you know that some character might feel not ready for you to puppet as their fun-size around yet, you have to build friendship with them first!"

"But I'm confident the critters don't mind! Try talking to them first! See which of the two you really want to play as!
Return when you got the critter, then your mission can begin!"




Normal dialogue when didn't talk to Yin and Yang first.
"Welcome back Player! Did you have fun touring on this spot? Talking to others? Please give me feedback on decorating more on this place! I can added more lamps or plants!"

"Oh right! I almost forgot! Your name!! Do you have a name by chance?"

"..." or "I got no name yet."

"Oh, Well that's unfortunate that you either don't remember your name or haven't got one yet."

"Tell you what! I know a name for you! What about... Justice? It fit you perfectly!"

"Please tell me you like that name... If not, then I'll find another."

Respond "Justice... is fine." 

"D-Don't worry, you don't have to be nice. In the future, I can find a suiting name for you. Maybe even let you have your own! But for now, please... Bear with that name. My greatest apology..."

Respond "I love that name actually."

"Ah! That such a relief!!! You have no idea how happy I am to have you accept that name!"


"Welcome to the World of Wishes, Justice! And before you begin your mission, I got something for you!"

*you acquire an item.*

"With this item, it a very special item of course! You can choose a character for you to play as! Every characters loves it! 
But I should let you know that some character might feel not ready for you to puppet as their fun-size around yet, you have to build friendship with them first!"

"But I'm confident the critters don't mind! Try talking to them first! See which of the two you really want to play as!
Return when you got the critter, then your mission can begin!"